What's the use of light thanks?
Or something else
Du Chen, don't do this
I'm not that kind of person.
You said you wanted to thank me
Mr. Du is not good
Fuyang sent someone over to check Meng's mother's company
Du Feiyun, since you want to die
I fulfill you
Du Zongjiang executives say the company is suspected of violating regulations
To report us
Jiang Sixiu is Qin Yongcheng's godmother
It's understandable to help his son out-point
Now what?
All projects in Xicheng District have been forcibly suspended
Go on like this
Our company's losses will be huge
Did you do what I asked you to do?
They've given it all up.
To prevent Jiang Sixiu from abandoning it
Hu Yousheng has collected all the evidence
Just to knock him on the arm after the breakup
Good. Let them all in.
I'd like to see who is so brave
Why do you dare to bully my godson?
That's him, he's the mover